Created a general Meetings page & a 2020 Bryn Mawr Meetings page (#35)
PlasmaPy/plasmapy.github.io: web/pages/meetings/index.md

title: PlasmaPy Meetings
author: Erik T. Everson

### Upcoming Meetings

----

#### [2020 April:  1st PlasmaPy Workshop](1st_workshop_2020_at_bryn_mawr)
April 20-22, 2020

> PlasmaPy's first mini-conference.  The conference is setup as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PlasmaPy's first collaboration meeting.  The conference is set up as
```

a 3 day meeting for PlasmaPy developers and the PlasmaPy community. The first day (4/20) is 
designated for the PlasmaPy Development Team and the remaining two days (4/21-4/22) are 

> designed for community interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
designated for the PlasmaPy Team to discuss the nuts and bolts of code development,
and the remaining two days (4/21-4/22) are designed for community interaction.
```
